docs: update creating vehicle and sensor model pages (#460)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/contributing/coding-guidelines/ros-nodes/coordinate-system.md

1. Calibration of sensor

>    The conversion relationship between every sensor coordinate system and `base_link` can be obtained through sensor calibration technology. How to calibrating your sensors refer to this link [calibrating your sensors](../../../how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/creating-vehicle-and-sensor-model/calibrating-sensors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The conversion relationship between every sensor coordinate system and `base_link` can be obtained through sensor calibration technology. Please consult the following link [calibrating your sensors](../../../how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/creating-vehicle-and-sensor-model/calibrating-sensors) for instructions on how to calibrate your sensors.
```
